Implementation of the `validate-hapfile` command (#220)
CAST-genomics/haptools: docs/commands/validate.rst

.. _commands-validate:

validate
========

Validate the structure of a ``.hap`` file.

When a ``.hap`` file contains any errors, they will be logged accordingly.

> Optionally, the SNPs and TRs present in the ``.hap`` file can be compared against a ``.pgen`` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If provided, the SNPs and TRs present in the ``.hap`` file will be confirmed to exist in a ``.pvar`` file.
```
